
Ice-cream man - power: free ability (Leonie)

The shirt that can turn into anything

There's a red and blue team, they name their people and press X to continue, then they move around with the controll stick and destroy the press and hold X to shoot gas and destory the other team with the gas.  The gas runs out after a bit and they have to reste for them to reload.  it relaods after 3 seconds. (Kira)

You have to make a track of trees and the lego man (that you can make) has to walk across them to the finishing block + each level there are more + more lego people that you have to move across + they can't crash into other lego people.

Sapphire the unicorn has to dodge over the springkler over the rainbow over the blue birds (Elys Hunt, age 7)

The protagonist is a doorstop, the antagonist is a door. . . naturally

lots of explosions and cute things ^_^

Instead of Armour the game should have clothes like bow ties

The game should end with you dying

Powers: because he's a blog he can change into different shapes

Powers: can jump 62 feet high, can sneeze people out, can use fire to attack

watch for time travel

The game should have greek mythology in it - Learning is Fun!

Make a game using Light and dark Ninja who can hide in the light (the light ninja literally hides in the light -ed.)

Make a game about a lost thought trying to find it's way back (with an ACTUAL WEEPING THOUGHT BUBBLES -ed.)

Lazer Eyes Elizibath - when some one comes near her she takes her laser eyes out (Caitlin McDowwell)

eggwolf - eggwolf bites you then after five minutes you will turn into a egg for three days than you crack out of the egg and he will be waiting and he will follow you until you say blob blob you rule

remote head - remotehead can pause, play, fast forward and rewind time

scary snowman - scary snow man throws snowballs at people if he throws snowballs at you, you turn into ice untill he gose away and he always has a scary helmet on and a creepy mist around him

squidy - squidy's tenticals have little microbeads so if he raps his tenticals around you you are under his comand you can still do what you like but if he wants you to do something you will do it.

super stage beetle - he can jump very high.  and he can fly. and he can nip you.